Run Studio help on Apple Mac M1 (#29)
Teradata/quickstarts: modules/ROOT/pages/studio.mac.m1.help.adoc

= Use Teradata Studio/Express on Apple Mac M1
:experimental:
:page-author: Satish Chinthanippu
:page-email: satish.chinthanippu@teradata.com
:page-revdate: September 01st, 2022
:description: Runbook to configure and run Teradata Studio on Apple Mac M1.
:keywords: Teradata Studio, Teradata Studio Express, teradata, vantage, Mac, Apple Mac, Apple Mac M1, Arm based Processor.
:tabs:

== Overview

> This tutorial demonstrates how to use Teradata Studio and Express on Apple Mac M1 machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This how-to goes through the installation of Teradata Studio and Express on Apple Mac M1/M2 machines.
```
